# SAMEROOM
##TERMS OF USE
### Last Updated: February 27, 2015

These Terms of Use (the “**Terms**”) govern your use of the website located at sameroom.io (the “**Site**”) and the Services (as defined below) operated by LeChat, Inc. (“**Sameroom**,” “**us**,” and “**we**”).

Certain features of the Site or Services may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the Site or Services in connection with such features. All such additional terms, guidelines, and rules are incorporated by reference into these Terms. In the event of a conflict between the additional terms and any provision in these Terms, the additional terms will prevail, but only with respect to the Service to which the additional terms apply.

THESE TERMS SET FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND SERVICES. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE OR SERVICES, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT), AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY TO ENTER INTO THESE TERMS (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT). YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE OR SERVICES OR ACCEPT THE TERMS IF YOU ARE NOT AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS AND/OR USE THE SITE OR SERVICES.

THE TERMS OF USE INCLUDE A CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND A WAIVER OF JURY TRIALS, AND REQUIRE BINDING ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.

THE TERMS OF USE LIMIT THE REMEDIES THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE TO YOU IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE.

# 1. The Services

Sameroom provides an online service designed to allow users to connect chat rooms (each a “**Chat**”) from different Chat platforms (each a “**Provider**”) (the “**Services**”). Through the Services, users can create a bridge between two Chats (a “**Tube**”) either by linking their account with each Chat Provider to their Account (as defined below) or, if a user does not have an account with each Chat Provider, by acquiring through the Services a URL (a “**Portal Link**”) to be shared with a member of the other Chat, which when navigated by such other member can be used to create a Tube. Users can use a Portal URL to create a network of created Chats (a “**Tube Network**”). Once a Tube or Portal is created, the Sameroom service transmits the information posted in one Chat to the other (and vice versa) so that the users in each Chat can communicate with users of the other connected Chats. We only facilitate the communications between users of different Chats and our responsibilities are limited to making the Site and Services available. Your interactions with other users are solely between you and such users and Sameroom shall not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as a result thereof. You agree to exercise caution and good judgment in all interactions with other users. If there is a dispute between you and any user, Sameroom is under no obligation to become involved, but reserves the right to do so.

# 2. Accounts

**Account Creation**. In order to use certain features of the Site or Services, you must register for an account (“**Account**”) by logging in using your credentials or through various Providers and provide certain information as prompted by the authentication form. You represent and warrant that: (a) all required registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You may delete your Account at any time, for any reason, by following the instructions on the Site. You may link one or more Providers to your Account. You agree not to create an Account or use the Site or Services if you have been previously removed by us or banned from any of the Services. Sameroom reserves the right in its sole discretion to suspend or terminate your Account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site or Services (or any portion thereof) at any time for any reason. You agree that Sameroom will not be liable to you or to any third party for any suspension or termination of your Account or any refusal of any use of the Site or Services (or any portion thereof).

**Account Responsibilities**. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account login information and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. You agree to immediately notify Sameroom of any unauthorized use, or suspected unauthorized use of your Account or any other breach of security. Sameroom cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements.

**Providers**. The Services allow users to connect with various Providers. By connecting your Provider account, you represent that you are entitled to grant us access to your Provider account without breach by you of any Provider terms and conditions and without obligating us to pay any fees or making us subject to any usage limitations. By granting Sameroom access to your Provider account, you understand that we may access, make available to other users of the Services and to other Providers via a connected Chat, and store any information, content, or other materials that you have provided to or stored in your Provider account (“**Provider Content**”). Unless otherwise specified in the Terms, all Provider Content will be deemed your User Content (as defined below) for all purposes of the Terms. You can disable the connection with the Provider by either deleting your account on Sameroom or revoking Sameroom's access to your provider account on the provider side. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH EACH PROVIDER IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT(S) WITH SUCH PROVIDER, AND WE DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION THAT MAY BE PROVIDED TO US BY A PROVIDER IN VIOLATION OF THE PRIVACY SETTINGS THAT YOU HAVE SET WITH THE PROVIDER. Sameroom makes no effort to review any Provider Content for any purpose, including but not limited to, for accuracy, legality or noninfringement, and Sameroom is not responsible for any Provider Content.

# 3. Access to the Site

**License**. Subject to these Terms, Sameroom grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use the Site and Services for your personal use.

**Certain Restrictions**. The rights granted to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Site or Services, whether in whole or in part, or any content displayed on the Site; (b) you shall not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Site or Services; (c) you shall not access the Site or Services in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service; and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Site or Services may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means. All copyright and other proprietary notices on the Site or Services (or on any content displayed on the Site or Services) must be retained on all copies thereof. Sameroom makes no representation that the Site or Services are appropriate for use in locations other than the United States.

**Modification**. Sameroom reserves the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Site or Services (in whole or in part) with or without notice to you. You agree that Sameroom will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Site or Services or any part thereof.

**No Support or Maintenance; Updates**. You acknowledge and agree that Sameroom will have no obligation to provide you with any support or maintenance in connection with the Site or Services, unless such support and/or maintenance is included in your subscription. You agree that Sameroom is not obligated to create or provide any corrections, updates, upgrades, bug fixes, and/or enhancements of the Site or Services (each an “**Update**”). Unless otherwise indicated, any Update shall be subject to these Terms. However, in the event Sameroom decides to offer an Update, you agree that Sameroom may amend this Agreement in connection with such Update without specific notice to you and that your use of the Site or Services following such Update is conditioned upon your acceptance of any revised Agreement. By using the Site or Services following an Update, you are representing that you have reviewed the then-current version of the Agreement and agree to be bound by such version. All Updates will be governed by the version of this Agreement published by Sameroom as of the date you use the Site or Services following such update.

**Ownership**. Excluding any User Content (defined below) that you may provide, you acknowledge that (a) the Site and Services are and will remain the sole property of Sameroom and is subject to protection under U.S. and foreign copyright laws and (b) all the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets, in the Site and Services and content made available through the Site and Services are owned by Sameroom or its suppliers or licensors. Sameroom’s name, logo, and the product names associated with the Site or Services belong to Sameroom or its suppliers or licensors, and no right or license is granted to use them by implication, estoppel or otherwise. Neither these Terms nor your access to the Site or Services transfers to you or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to such intellectual property rights, except for the limited access rights expressly set forth in this Section. Sameroom and its suppliers reserve all rights not granted in these Terms.

**Feedback**. You agree that submission of any ideas, suggestions, and/or proposals to us (“**Feedback**”) is at your own risk and that Sameroom has no obligations (including without limitation obligations of confidentiality) with respect to such Feedback. You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to submit the Feedback. You hereby grant to Sameroom a fully paid, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, perform, display, distribute, adapt, modify, re-format, create derivative works of, and otherwise commercially or non-commercially exploit in any manner it deems appropriate, any and all Feedback, and to sublicense the foregoing rights. Sameroom will treat any Feedback you provide to Sameroom as non-confidential and non-proprietary and you agree that you will not submit to Sameroom any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.

# 4. User Content

**User Content**. “**User Content**” means any and all information and content that a user submits to or through, or uses with, the Site or Services (e.g., information posted in a Chat). You are solely responsible for your User Content. You assume all risks associated with use of your User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that personally identifies you or any third party.  You may not represent or imply to others that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by Sameroom. Because you alone are responsible for your User Content, you may expose yourself to liability if, for example, your User Content violates the rights of any third party of the Provider’s terms of use. Sameroom is not obligated to store or backup any User Content. You are solely responsible for creating and maintaining your own backup copies of your User Content if you desire. Sameroom has no responsibility or liability for the accuracy of any User Content; the failure to store, transmit, or receive transmission of User Content; or the security, privacy, storage, or transmission of other communications originating with or involving use of the Site or Services. You acknowledge that Sameroom has no obligation to pre-screen User Content, although Sameroom reserves the right in its sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or remove any User Content at any time for any reason. PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT YOU ONLY PROVIDE INFORMATION TO THE SERVICES THAT YOU ARE ALLOWED TO PROVIDE WITHOUT VIOLATING ANY OBLIGATIONS YOU MIGHT HAVE TOWARDS A THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING ANY CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS. PLEASE DO NOT PROVIDE ANY INFORMATION THAT YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO SHARE WITH OTHERS, INCLUDING BY CONTRACT OR LAW; PLEASE NOTE THAT ANY INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE WILL BE ACCESSIBLE BY USERS OF THE SITE AND SERVICES.

**License**. You hereby grant (and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant) to Sameroom all necessary rights and licenses in and to your User Content necessary for Sameroom to provide the Services.

**Enforcement**. We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to review any User Content, and to investigate and/or take appropriate action against you in our sole discretion if you violate any provision of these Terms or otherwise create liability for us or any other person. Such action may include terminating your Account, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities.

**Ownership**. Each user owns its own User Content. By making available your User Content on or in the Site or Services, you represent that you own or have all rights necessary to make available your User Content.


# 5. Fees and Purchase Terms

**5.1 Third Party Payment Services Provider**. Sameroom uses Stripe Inc. (“**Stripe**”) as a third party service provider for payment services (e.g., credit card transaction processing, merchant settlement, and related services). By using the Site or Services, you agree to be bound by Stripe’s US Terms of Service available at https://stripe.com/us/terms and Privacy Policy available at https://stripe.com/us/privacy. You hereby consent to provide and authorize Sameroom, Stripe, and PayPal to share any information and payment instructions you provide to the extent required to complete the payment transactions in accordance with these Terms, including personal, financial, credit card payment, and transaction information.

**5.2 Payment**.  You agree to pay all fees or charges to your Account in accordance with the fees, charges and billing terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due and payable.  By providing Stripe with your payment information, you agree that Sameroom is authorized to immediately invoice your Account for all fees and charges due and payable to Sameroom hereunder and no additional notice or consent is required.  You agree to immediately notify Sameroom and/or Stripe of any change in your payment information used for payment hereunder.

**5.3 Service Subscription Fees**.  Sameroom may charge a subscription fee to access and use certain features and functionalities of the Site and Services. You will be responsible for payment of the applicable fee for such features and functionalities (each, a “**Service Subscription Fee**”) at the time you create your Account and select your annual package (each, a “**Service Commencement Date**”).  Except as set forth in these Terms, all fees for the Services are non-refundable.  No contract will exist between you and the Sameroom for the Services until Sameroom accepts your order by a confirmatory e-mail or other appropriate means of communication.  Your subscription will continue indefinitely until terminated in accordance with the Terms.  **After your initial subscription period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically commence on the first day following the end of such period (each a “Renewal Commencement Date”) and continue for an additional equivalent period, at the Sameroom’s then-current price for such subscription.  You agree that your Account will be subject to this automatic renewal feature unless you cancel your subscription at any time prior to the Renewal Commencement Date by logging into and going to the “Change/Cancel Membership” page of your “Account Settings” page.  If you do not wish your Account to renew automatically, or if you want to change or terminate your subscription, please log in and go to the “Change/Cancel Membership” page on your “Account Settings” page**.  If you cancel your subscription, you may use your subscription until the end of your then-current subscription term; your subscription will not be renewed after your then-current term expires.  However, you will not be eligible for a prorated refund of any portion of the subscription fee paid for the then-current subscription period.  By subscribing, you authorize Sameroom to charge you (via Stripe) now, and again at the beginning of any subsequent subscription period.  Upon renewal of your subscription, if Sameroom does not receive payment, (i) you agree to pay all amounts due on your Account upon demand, and/or (ii) you agree that Sameroom may either terminate or suspend your subscription and continue to attempt to charge you until payment is received (upon receipt of payment, your Account will be activated and for purposes of automatic renewal, your new subscription commitment period will begin as of the day payment was received).

**5.4 Taxes.  Sameroom’s fees are net of any applicable Sales Tax.  If any Services, or payments for any Services, under the Terms are subject to Sales Tax in any jurisdiction and you have not remitted the applicable Sales Tax to Sameroom, you will be responsible for the payment of such Sales Tax and any related penalties or interest to the relevant tax authority, and you will indemnify Sameroom for any liability or expense we may incur in connection with such Sales Taxes.  Upon our request, you will provide us with official receipts issued by the appropriate taxing authority, or other such evidence that you have paid all applicable taxes.  For purposes of this section, “Sales Tax” shall mean any sales or use tax, and any other tax measured by sales proceeds, that Sameroom is permitted to pass to its customers, that is the functional equivalent of a sales tax where the applicable taxing jurisdiction does not otherwise impose a sales or use tax.

**5.5 Free Trials and Other Promotions**.  Any free trial or other promotion that provides user access to the Services must be used within the specified time of the trial.  At the end of the trial period, your use of that Service will expire and any further use of the Service is prohibited unless you pay the applicable subscription fee.  If you are inadvertently charged for a subscription, please contact Sameroom to have the charges reversed.

# 6 Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold Sameroom (and its officers, employees, and agents) harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of (1) your use of, or inability to use, the Site or Services; (2) your violation of these Terms; (3) your violation of applicable laws or regulations; (4) your User Content; (5) your violation of any rights of another party, including any users; or (6) your interaction with any other user. Sameroom reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these Sameroom. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of Sameroom. Sameroom will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.

# 7. Third-Party Links & Ads; Other Users

**Third-Party Links & Ads**. The Site or Services may contain links to third-party websites and services, and/or display advertisements for third parties (collectively, “**Third-Party Links & Ads**”). Such Third-Party Links & Ads are not under the control of Sameroom, and Sameroom is not responsible for any Third-Party Links & Ads. Sameroom provides access to these Third-Party Links & Ads only as a convenience to you, and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third-Party Links & Ads. You use all Third-Party Links & Ads at your own risk, and should apply a suitable level of caution and discretion in doing so. When you click on any of the Third-Party Links & Ads, the applicable third party’s terms and policies apply, including the third party’s privacy and data gathering practices. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such Third-Party Links & Ads.

**Other Users**. Each user of the Site or Services is solely responsible for any and all of its own User Content. Because we do not control User Content, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any User Content, whether provided by you or by others. We make no guarantees regarding the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of any User Content.

**Release**. You hereby release and forever discharge the Sameroom (and our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns) from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature (including personal injuries, death, and property damage), that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the Site or Services (including any interactions with, or act or omission of, other users of the Site or Services or any Third-Party Links & Ads). IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”

# 8. Disclaimers

YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SITE AND SERVICES AND ANY CONTENT, SERVICES OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE SITE OR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND SAMEROOM (AND OUR LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE AND SERVICES AND ANY CONTENT, SERVICES OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE SITE OR SERVICES EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE (AND OUR LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE OR SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS, OR WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE. IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE OR SERVICES, ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF FIRST USE.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 

# 9. Limitation on Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SAMEROOM (OR OUR SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS, OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE OR SERVICES , HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PROPRIETARY RIGHTS INFRINGEMENT, PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SAMEROOM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SITE AND SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM. 
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR (AND OUR LICENSORS’ AND SUPPLIERS’) LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS (FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION), WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO A MAXIMUM OF FIFTY US DOLLARS (U.S. $50). THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT. YOU AGREE THAT OUR LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN SAMEROOM AND YOU.

# 10. Term and Termination.

Subject to this Section, these Terms will remain in full force and effect while you use the Site or Services. You may terminate your Account at any time, for any reason, by following the instructions on the Site. We may suspend or terminate your rights to use the Site and/or Services (including your Account) at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Site or Services in violation of these Terms. Upon termination of your rights under these Terms, your Account and right to access and use the Site and Services will terminate immediately. You understand that any termination of your Account may involve deletion of your User Content associated with your Account from our live databases. Sameroom will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your rights under these Terms, including for termination of your Account or deletion of your User Content. Even after your rights under these Terms are terminated, all provisions of these Terms which by their nature should survive, will survive, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability.

# 11. General

**Changes**. These Terms are subject to occasional revision. We will notify you of any changes to our Terms by posting the new Terms here: https://github.com/sameroom/legal/blob/master/terms-of-use.md. After we make the change and we will change the “Last Updated” date above. If we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any), and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site or Services. You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. Any changes to these Terms will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you (if applicable) or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site or Services. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Site or Services. Continued use of our Site or Services following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

**Arbitration Agreement; Class Waiver; Waiver of Trial by Jury**. Please read this Section (“**Arbitration Agreement**”) carefully. It is part of your contract with Sameroom and affects your rights. It contains procedures for MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.

**Contact Sameroom First**. If a dispute arises between you and Sameroom, our goal is to learn about and address your concerns and, if we are unable to do so to your satisfaction, to provide you with a neutral and cost effective means of resolving the dispute quickly. You agree that you will notify us about any dispute you have with Sameroom regarding our Site or Services by emailing contact@sameroom.io.

**Applicability of Arbitration Agreement**. All claims and disputes  in connection with the Terms or the use of any product or service provided by Sameroom that cannot be resolved informally or in small claims court shall be resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis under the terms of this Arbitration Agreement. This Arbitration Agreement applies to you and Sameroom, and to any subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or goods provided under the Terms.

**Arbitration Rules**. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this dispute resolution provision. Arbitration shall be initiated through the American Arbitration Association (“**AAA**”), an established alternative dispute resolution provider (“**ADR Provider**”) that offers arbitration as set forth in this Section. If AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties shall agree to select an alternative ADR Provider. The rules of the ADR Provider shall govern all aspects of this arbitration, including but not limited to the method of initiating and/or demanding arbitration, except to the extent such rules are in conflict with the Terms (“**Arbitration Rules**”). The AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules governing the arbitration are available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. The arbitration shall be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator. Any claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is less than Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $10,000.00) may be resolved through binding non-appearance-based arbitration, at the option of the party seeking relief. For claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $10,000.00) or more, the right to a hearing will be determined by the Arbitration Rules. Any hearing will be held in a location within one hundred (100) miles of your residence, unless you reside outside of the United States (in which case hearing will be held in the capital of your country), and unless the parties agree otherwise. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

**Additional Rules for Non-appearance Based Arbitration**. If non-appearance arbitration is elected as provided above, the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or based solely on written submissions; the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration. The arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties.

**Authority of Arbitrator**. The arbitrator will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and Sameroom, and the dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the Arbitration Rules, and the Terms. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and Sameroom.

**Waiver of Jury Trial**. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY, instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient and less costly than rules applicable in court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In the event any litigation should arise between you and Sameroom in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, YOU AND SAMEROOM WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, instead electing that the dispute be resolved by a judge.

**Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions**. ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. In the event that this subparagraph is deemed invalid or unenforceable neither you nor we are entitled to arbitration and instead claims and disputes shall be resolved in a court located in San Francisco, California.
Confidentiality. No part of the procedures shall be open to the public or the media. All evidence discovered or submitted at the hearing is confidential and may not be disclosed, except by written agreement of the parties, pursuant to court order or unless required by law. This Paragraph shall not prevent a party from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce this Arbitration Agreement, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief.

**Severability**. If any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
Right to Waive. Any or all of the rights and limitations set forth in this Arbitration Agreement may be waived by the party against whom the claim is asserted. Such waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of this Arbitration Agreement.

**Survival of Agreement**. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Sameroom.

**Courts**. In any circumstances where the foregoing Arbitration Agreement permits the parties to litigate in court, the parties hereby agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in San Francisco, California, for such purpose.

**Governing Law**. The Agreement and any action related thereto will be governed and interpreted by and under the laws of the State of California, consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act, without giving effect to any principles that provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement. 

**Export**. The Site and Services may be subject to U.S. export control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. You agree not to export, reexport, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from Sameroom, or any products utilizing such data, in violation of the United States export laws or regulations.

**Consumer Complaints**. In accordance with California Civil Code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
Electronic Communications. The communications between you and Sameroom use electronic means, whether you use the Site or Services or send us emails, or whether Sameroom posts notices on the Site or Services or communicates with you via email. For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from Sameroom in an electronic form; and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that Sameroom provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were be in a hardcopy writing. The foregoing does not affect your non-waivable rights.

**Miscellaneous**. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Site and Services. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The Section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word “including” means “including without limitation.”  If any provision of these Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Your relationship to Sameroom is that of an independent contractor, and neither party is an agent or partner of the other. These Terms, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without Sameroom’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. Sameroom may freely assign these Terms. These Terms are binding upon and will inure to the benefit of both parties and their respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, and permitted assigns.

**Force Majeure**. Sameroom shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargos, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials

**Copyright/Trademark Information**. Copyright © 2015 Sameroom. All rights reserved. All trademarks, logos and service marks (“**Marks**”) displayed on the Site or Services are our property or the property of other third parties. You are not permitted to use these Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party which may own the Marks.

**Questions, Complaints, Claims**. If you have any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Site or Services, please contact us at: contact@sameroom.io. We will do our best to address your concerns. If you feel that your concerns have been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation.
Contact Information. Sameroom’s contact information for any end-user questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Site or Services is:

contact@sameroom.io
